pråvka	pråvka+N+Sg+Nom
pråvka	pråvhka+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
håagk'-staavra	håagk'staavra+N+Sg+Nom
håagk'-staavra	håagk'staavra+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
håagk'-staavra	håagk'-staavra+N+Sg+Nom
håagkhstaavra	håagk'staavra+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
håagkhstaavra	håagkhstaavra+N+Sg+Nom
plassa	plassa+N+Sg+Nom
plassa	plasse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xerograafe	serograafe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xerograafe	xerograafe+N+Sg+Nom
riektege	riektege+N+Sg+Nom
riektege	rïektege+N+Sg+Nom
rïektege	riektege+N+Sg+Nom
rïektege	rïektege+N+Sg+Nom
roenge	roenge+N+Sg+Nom
roenge	roene+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth+Foc/ge
voenge	voene+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth+Foc/ge
voenge	voenge+N+Sg+Nom
voejemebassenge	voejemebassenge+N+Sg+Nom
voejemebassenge	voejemebasseenge+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sïknge	sïknge+N+Sg+Nom
sïknge	sikne+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth+Foc/ge
baalkånge	balkånge+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
baalkånge	baalkånge+N+Sg+Nom
baallånge	ballånge+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
baallånge	baallånge+N+Sg+Nom
cytolååge	sytolååge+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
cytolååge	cytolååge+N+Sg+Nom
sexolååge	seksolååge+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sexolååge	sexolååge+N+Sg+Nom
skåvloebiejjie	skuvlebiejjie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skåvloebiejjie	skåvloebiejjie+N+Sg+Nom
tjaalesijjie	tjaalehsijjie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tjaalesijjie	tjaalesijjie+N+Sg+Nom
nedtesijjie	nehtesijjie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nedtesijjie	nedtesijjie+N+Sg+Nom
nedtebielie	nehtebielie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nedtebielie	nedtebielie+N+Sg+Nom
fellie	vellie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fellie	fellie+N+Sg+Nom
eenaresaemie	eenaresaemie+N+Sg+Nom
eenaresaemie	enaresaemie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maajhööhpehtimmie	maajeööhpehtimmie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maajhööhpehtimmie	maajhööhpehtimmie+N+Sg+Nom
studeentesiebrie	studentesiebrie+N+Sg+Nom
studeentesiebrie	studentesiebrie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
studeentesiebrie	studeentesiebrie+N+Sg+Nom
rijhkeraerie	rïjhkeraerie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rijhkeraerie	rijhkeraerie+N+Sg+Nom
rijhkeraerie	rïjhkeraerie+N+Sg+Nom
rïjhkeraerie	rïjhkeraerie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rïjhkeraerie	rijhkeraerie+N+Sg+Nom
rïjhkeraerie	rïjhkeraerie+N+Sg+Nom
barkoebielienkrirrie	barkijebielienkrirrie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
barkoebielienkrirrie	barkoebielienkrirrie+N+Sg+Nom
batalje	bataalje+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
batalje	batalje+N+Sg+Nom
reportasje	reportaasje+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
reportasje	reportasje+N+Sg+Nom
gaarsje	gaarsje+N+Sg+Nom
gaarsje	garaasje+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kuvsje	kurse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kuvsje	kuvsje+N+Sg+Nom
off.laake	off.laake+N+Err/Lex+Sg+Nom
pedagogigke	pedagogihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pedagogigke	pedagogigke+N+Sg+Nom
fysigke	fysihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fysigke	fysigke+N+Sg+Nom
gymnastigke	gymnastihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gymnastigke	gymnastigke+N+Sg+Nom
etïgke	etihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
etïgke	etïgke+N+Sg+Nom
paahke	pahke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
paahke	paahke+N+Sg+Nom
jahtadahke	jåhtadahke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
jahtadahke	jahtadahke+N+Sg+Nom
sïelkestahke	sïelkestahke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sïelkestahke	sïelkestahke+N+Sg+Nom
jïjtjevyljehke	jïjtjevyljehke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
jïjtjevyljehke	jïjtjevyljehke+N+Sg+Nom
viermehke	viermehke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
viermehke	viermehke+N+Sg+Nom
vuestehke	vuestehke+N+Sg+Nom
vuestehke	vuestehke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rijhkenåvtehke	rijhkenåvtehke+N+Sg+Nom
rijhkenåvtehke	rïjhkenåvtehke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rijhkenåvtehke	rïjhkenåvtehke+N+Sg+Nom
rïjhkenåvtehke	rijhkenåvtehke+N+Sg+Nom
rïjhkenåvtehke	rïjhkenåvtehke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rïjhkenåvtehke	rïjhkenåvtehke+N+Sg+Nom

trihke	trïhke+N+Sg+Nom
trïhke	trihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
trïhke	trihke+N+Sg+Nom
trïhke	trïhke+N+Sg+Nom


blæjjohke	plæjjohke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
blæjjohke	blæjjohke+N+Sg+Nom
pedagogijke	pedagogihke+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pedagogijke	pedagogijke+N+Sg+Nom
medijasielske	medijasielske+N+Sg+Nom
medijasielske	medijasïelske+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
medijasielske	medijasïelske+N+Sg+Nom
medijasïelske	medijasielske+N+Sg+Nom
medijasïelske	medijasïelske+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
medijasïelske	medijasïelske+N+Sg+Nom
daanske	daanske+N+Sg+Nom
svïenske	svïenske+N+Sg+Nom
sentraale	sentraale+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sentraale	sentraale+v1+N+Sg+Nom
taale	taale+N+Sg+Nom
taale	taalle+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
cykeele	syjkele+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
cykeele	cykeele+N+Sg+Nom
kapihtele	kapihtele+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kapihtele	kapihtele+N+Sg+Nom
gïelekapihtele	gïelekapihtele+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gïelekapihtele	gïelekapihtele+N+Sg+Nom
healsoekapihtele	healsoekapihtele+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
healsoekapihtele	healsoekapihtele+N+Sg+Nom
tihtele	tihtele+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tihtele	tihtele+N+Sg+Nom
prosjektijle	prosjektïjle+N+Sg+Nom
prosjektijle	prosjektijle+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prosjektïjle	prosjektïjle+N+Sg+Nom
prosjektïjle	prosjektijle+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
materijelle	materijelle+N+Sg+Nom
dåvveme	dovveme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dåvveme	dåvveme+N+Sg+Nom
pryöveme	pryövoe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Acc+PxSg1
pryöveme	pryövoe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom+PxSg1
pryöveme	pryövoe+N+Sg+Acc+PxSg1
pryöveme	pryöveme+N+Sg+Nom
graamme	gramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
graamme	graamme+N+Sg+Nom
diagraamme	diagramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
diagraamme	diagraamme+N+Sg+Nom
hektograamme	hektogramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
hektograamme	hektograamme+N+Sg+Nom
centigramme	sentigramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
centigramme	centigramme+N+Sg+Nom
encefalogramme	ensefalogramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
encefalogramme	encefalogramme+N+Sg+Nom
oscillogramme	oskillogramme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
oscillogramme	oscillogramme+N+Sg+Nom
radijovehåalome	radijovehåalome+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
radijovehåalome	radijovehåalome+N+Sg+Nom
xeroforme	seroforme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xeroforme	xeroforme+N+Sg+Nom
bahaisme	bahaisme+N+Sg+Nom
bahaisme	bahaisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
arkaisme	arkaisme+N+Sg+Nom
arkaisme	arkaisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mosaisme	mosaisme+N+Sg+Nom
mosaisme	mosaisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kubisme	kubisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kubisme	kubisme+N+Sg+Nom
svecisme	svesisme+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
svecisme	svesisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
svecisme	svecisme+N+Sg+Nom
fascisme	fasjisme+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fascisme	fasjisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fascisme	fascisme+N+Sg+Nom
sadisme	sadisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sadisme	sadisme+N+Sg+Nom
nudisme	nudisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nudisme	nudisme+N+Sg+Nom
epikureisme	epikureisme+N+Sg+Nom
epikureisme	epikureisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ateisme	ateisme+N+Sg+Nom
ateisme	ateisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
panteisme	panteisme+N+Sg+Nom
panteisme	panteisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
polyteisme	polyteisme+N+Sg+Nom
polyteisme	polyteisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pasifisme	pasifisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pasifisme	pasifisme+N+Sg+Nom
norvagisme	norvagisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
norvagisme	norvagisme+N+Sg+Nom
syllogisme	syllogisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
syllogisme	syllogisme+N+Sg+Nom
buddhisme	buddhisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
buddhisme	buddhisme+N+Sg+Nom
katekisme	katekisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
katekisme	katekisme+N+Sg+Nom
anarkisme	anarkisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
anarkisme	anarkisme+N+Sg+Nom
kannibalisme	kannibalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kannibalisme	kannibalisme+N+Sg+Nom
vandalisme	vandalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vandalisme	vandalisme+N+Sg+Nom
idealisme	idealisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
idealisme	idealisme+N+Sg+Nom
realisme	realisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
realisme	realisme+N+Sg+Nom
surrealisme	surrealisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
surrealisme	surrealisme+N+Sg+Nom
kolonialisme	kolonialisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kolonialisme	kolonialisme+N+Sg+Nom
imperialisme	imperialisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
imperialisme	imperialisme+N+Sg+Nom
materialisme	materialisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
materialisme	materialisme+N+Sg+Nom
eksistensialisme	eksistensialisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eksistensialisme	eksistensialisme+N+Sg+Nom
sosialisme	sosialisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sosialisme	sosialisme+N+Sg+Nom
rojalisme	rojalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rojalisme	rojalisme+N+Sg+Nom
radikalisme	radikalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
radikalisme	radikalisme+N+Sg+Nom
syndikalisme	syndikalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
syndikalisme	syndikalisme+N+Sg+Nom
formalisme	formalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
formalisme	formalisme+N+Sg+Nom
nasjonalisme	nasjonalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nasjonalisme	nasjonalisme+N+Sg+Nom
rasjonalisme	rasjonalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rasjonalisme	rasjonalisme+N+Sg+Nom
funksjonalisme	funksjonalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
funksjonalisme	funksjonalisme+N+Sg+Nom
liberalisme	liberalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
liberalisme	liberalisme+N+Sg+Nom
föderalisme	föderalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
föderalisme	föderalisme+N+Sg+Nom
pluralisme	pluralisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pluralisme	pluralisme+N+Sg+Nom
antipluralisme	antipluralisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
antipluralisme	antipluralisme+N+Sg+Nom
naturalisme	naturalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
naturalisme	naturalisme+N+Sg+Nom
fatalisme	fatalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fatalisme	fatalisme+N+Sg+Nom
kapitalisme	kapitalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kapitalisme	kapitalisme+N+Sg+Nom
dualisme	dualisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dualisme	dualisme+N+Sg+Nom
sensualisme	sensualisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sensualisme	sensualisme+N+Sg+Nom
spiritualisme	spiritualisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
spiritualisme	spiritualisme+N+Sg+Nom
royalisme	royalisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
royalisme	royalisme+N+Sg+Nom
nihilisme	nihilisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nihilisme	nihilisme+N+Sg+Nom
merkantilisme	merkantilisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
merkantilisme	merkantilisme+N+Sg+Nom
symbolisme	symbolisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
symbolisme	symbolisme+N+Sg+Nom
alkoholisme	alkoholisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
alkoholisme	alkoholisme+N+Sg+Nom
populisme	populisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
populisme	populisme+N+Sg+Nom
botulisme	botulisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
botulisme	botulisme+N+Sg+Nom
eufemisme	eufemisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eufemisme	eufemisme+N+Sg+Nom
ekstremisme	ekstremisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ekstremisme	ekstremisme+N+Sg+Nom
pessimisme	pessimisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pessimisme	pessimisme+N+Sg+Nom
optimisme	optimisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
optimisme	optimisme+N+Sg+Nom
organisme	organisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
organisme	organisme+N+Sg+Nom
pelagianisme	pelagianisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pelagianisme	pelagianisme+N+Sg+Nom
mekanisme	mekanisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mekanisme	mekanisme+N+Sg+Nom
servomekanisme	servomekanisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
servomekanisme	servomekanisme+N+Sg+Nom
amerikanisme	amerikanisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
amerikanisme	amerikanisme+N+Sg+Nom
humanisme	humanisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
humanisme	humanisme+N+Sg+Nom
puritanisme	puritanisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
puritanisme	puritanisme+N+Sg+Nom
feminisme	feminisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
feminisme	feminisme+N+Sg+Nom
determinisme	determinisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
determinisme	determinisme+N+Sg+Nom
kalvinisme	kalvinisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kalvinisme	kalvinisme+N+Sg+Nom
sjåvinisme	sjåvinisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sjåvinisme	sjåvinisme+N+Sg+Nom
darwinisme	darwinisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
darwinisme	darwinisme+N+Sg+Nom
antagonisme	antagonisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
antagonisme	antagonisme+N+Sg+Nom
sionisme	sionisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sionisme	sionisme+N+Sg+Nom
impresjonisme	impresjonisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
impresjonisme	impresjonisme+N+Sg+Nom
ekspresjonisme	ekspresjonisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ekspresjonisme	ekspresjonisme+N+Sg+Nom
proteksjonisme	proteksjonisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
proteksjonisme	proteksjonisme+N+Sg+Nom
anakronisme	anakronisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
anakronisme	anakronisme+N+Sg+Nom
modernisme	modernisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
modernisme	modernisme+N+Sg+Nom
kommunisme	kommunisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kommunisme	kommunisme+N+Sg+Nom
antikommunisme	antikommunisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
antikommunisme	antikommunisme+N+Sg+Nom
opportunisme	opportunisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
opportunisme	opportunisme+N+Sg+Nom
kynisme	kynisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kynisme	kynisme+N+Sg+Nom
egoisme	egoisme+N+Sg+Nom
egoisme	egoisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
heroisme	heroisme+N+Sg+Nom
heroisme	heroisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
shintoisme	shintoisme+N+Sg+Nom
shintoisme	shintoisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eskapisme	eskapisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eskapisme	eskapisme+N+Sg+Nom
vulgarisme	vulgarisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vulgarisme	vulgarisme+N+Sg+Nom
militarisme	militarisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
militarisme	militarisme+N+Sg+Nom
utilitarisme	utilitarisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
utilitarisme	utilitarisme+N+Sg+Nom
parlamentarisme	parlamentarisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
parlamentarisme	parlamentarisme+N+Sg+Nom
manierisme	manierisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
manierisme	manierisme+N+Sg+Nom
sekterisme	sekterisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sekterisme	sekterisme+N+Sg+Nom
aforisme	aforisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aforisme	aforisme+N+Sg+Nom
behaviorisme	behaviorisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
behaviorisme	behaviorisme+N+Sg+Nom
terrorisme	terrorisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terrorisme	terrorisme+N+Sg+Nom
prisme	prisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prisme	prisme+N+Sg+Nom
purisme	purisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
purisme	purisme+N+Sg+Nom
turisme	turisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
turisme	turisme+N+Sg+Nom
nasisme	nasisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nasisme	nasisme+N+Sg+Nom
rasisme	rasisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rasisme	rasisme+N+Sg+Nom
katolisisme	katolisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
katolisisme	katolisisme+N+Sg+Nom
etnisisme	etnisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
etnisisme	etnisisme+N+Sg+Nom
stoisisme	stoisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stoisisme	stoisisme+N+Sg+Nom
narsisisme	narsisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
narsisisme	narsisisme+N+Sg+Nom
klassisisme	klassisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
klassisisme	klassisisme+N+Sg+Nom
skeptisisme	skeptisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skeptisisme	skeptisisme+N+Sg+Nom
mystisisme	mystisisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mystisisme	mystisisme+N+Sg+Nom
narsisme	narsisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
narsisme	narsisme+N+Sg+Nom
astigmatisme	astigmatisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
astigmatisme	astigmatisme+N+Sg+Nom
reumatisme	reumatisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
reumatisme	reumatisme+N+Sg+Nom
fanatisme	fanatisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fanatisme	fanatisme+N+Sg+Nom
separatisme	separatisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
separatisme	separatisme+N+Sg+Nom
konservatisme	konservatisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konservatisme	konservatisme+N+Sg+Nom
analfabetisme	analfabetisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
analfabetisme	analfabetisme+N+Sg+Nom
pietisme	pietisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pietisme	pietisme+N+Sg+Nom
magnetisme	magnetisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
magnetisme	magnetisme+N+Sg+Nom
elektromagnetisme	elektromagnetisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
elektromagnetisme	elektromagnetisme+N+Sg+Nom
synkretisme	synkretisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
synkretisme	synkretisme+N+Sg+Nom
defaitisme	defaitisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
defaitisme	defaitisme+N+Sg+Nom
kosmopolitisme	kosmopolitisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kosmopolitisme	kosmopolitisme+N+Sg+Nom
spiritisme	spiritisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
spiritisme	spiritisme+N+Sg+Nom
okkultisme	okkultisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
okkultisme	okkultisme+N+Sg+Nom
protestantisme	protestantisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
protestantisme	protestantisme+N+Sg+Nom
patriotisme	patriotisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
patriotisme	patriotisme+N+Sg+Nom
eksostisme	eksostisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eksostisme	eksostisme+N+Sg+Nom
semittisme	semittisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
semittisme	semittisme+N+Sg+Nom
antisemittisme	antisemittisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
antisemittisme	antisemittisme+N+Sg+Nom
autisme	autisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
autisme	autisme+N+Sg+Nom
absolutisme	absolutisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
absolutisme	absolutisme+N+Sg+Nom
hinduisme	hinduisme+N+Sg+Nom
hinduisme	hinduisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
altruisme	altruisme+N+Sg+Nom
altruisme	altruisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skandinavisme	skandinavisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skandinavisme	skandinavisme+N+Sg+Nom
atavisme	atavisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
atavisme	atavisme+N+Sg+Nom
bilingvisme	bilingvisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bilingvisme	bilingvisme+N+Sg+Nom
sosialdarnivisme	sosialdarnivisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sosialdarnivisme	sosialdarnivisme+N+Sg+Nom
positivisme	positivisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
positivisme	positivisme+N+Sg+Nom
subjektivisme	subjektivisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
subjektivisme	subjektivisme+N+Sg+Nom
marxisme	marxisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
marxisme	marxisme+N+Sg+Nom
nazisme	nazisme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nazisme	nazisme+N+Sg+Nom
preteritume	preteeritume+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
preteritume	preteritume+N+Sg+Nom
veartene	veartene+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
veartene	veartene+N+Sg+Nom
gaertene	gaertene+N+Sg+Nom
gaertene	gaertene+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dussine	dussine+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dussine	dussine+N+Sg+Nom
kokaijne	kokaijne+N+Sg+Nom
kokaijne	kokaijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
hemoglobijne	hemoglobijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
hemoglobijne	hemoglobijne+N+Sg+Nom
turbijne	turbijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
turbijne	turbijne+N+Sg+Nom
bïegketurbijne	bïegketurbijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bïegketurbijne	bïegketurbijne+N+Sg+Nom
francisturbijne	francisturbijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
francisturbijne	francisturbijne+N+Sg+Nom
rubijne	rubijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rubijne	rubijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma 
grenadijne	grenadijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
grenadijne	grenadijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma 
gardijne	gardijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gardijne	gardijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma 
sardijne	sardijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sardijne	sardijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma 
sordijne	sordijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sordijne	sordijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
kaffeijne	kaffeijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
kaffeijne	kaffeijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
koffeijne	koffeijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
koffeijne	koffeijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
parafijne	parafijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
parafijne	parafijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
morfijne	morfijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
morfijne	morfijne+N+Sg+Nom
morfijne	morfijne+v1+N+Sg+Nom
algijne	algijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
algijne	algijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
margijne	margijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
margijne	margijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
dauphijne	dauphijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dauphijne	dauphijne+N+Sg+Nom
pekijne	pekijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pekijne	pekijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
trikijne	trikijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
trikijne	trikijne+N+Sg+Nom !finner bare et lemma
maskijne	masjijne+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maskijne	masjijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maskijne	maskijne+N+Sg+Nom
daatamaskijne	daatamaskijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
daatamaskijne	daatamaskijne+N+Sg+Nom
videomaskijne	videomaskijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
videomaskijne	videomaskijne+N+Sg+Nom
alkalijne	alkalijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
alkalijne	alkalijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
meskalijne	meskalijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
meskalijne	meskalijne+N+Sg+Nom
adrenalijne	adrenalijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
adrenalijne	adrenalijne+N+Sg+Nom
naftalijne	naftalijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
naftalijne	naftalijne+N+Sg+Nom
gobelijne	gobelijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gobelijne	gobelijne+N+Sg+Nom
hermelijne	hermelijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
hermelijne	hermelijne+N+Sg+Nom
vaselijne	vaselijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vaselijne	vaselijne+N+Sg+Nom
musselijne	musselijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
musselijne	musselijne+N+Sg+Nom
anilijne	anilijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
anilijne	anilijne+N+Sg+Nom
plastilijne	plastilijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
plastilijne	plastilijne+N+Sg+Nom
krystallijne	krystallijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
krystallijne	krystallijne+N+Sg+Nom
penisillijne	penisillijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
penisillijne	penisillijne+N+Sg+Nom
mandolijne	mandolijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mandolijne	mandolijne+N+Sg+Nom
fiolijne	fiolijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fiolijne	fiolijne+N+Sg+Nom !finner bare et lemma
lanolijne	lanolijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
lanolijne	lanolijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
disiplijne	disiplijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
disiplijne	disiplijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
poplijne	poplijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
poplijne	poplijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
insulijne	insulijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
insulijne	insulijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
kamijne	kamijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kamijne	kamijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
amfetamijne	amfetamijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
amfetamijne	amfetamijne+N+Sg+Nom
vitamijne	vitamijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vitamijne	vitamijne+N+Sg+Nom
termijne	termijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
termijne	termijne+N+Sg+Nom
sjasmijne	sjasmijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sjasmijne	sjasmijne+N+Sg+Nom
kanijne	kanijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kanijne	kanijne+N+Sg+Nom
kinijne	kinijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kinijne	kinijne+N+Sg+Nom
stryknijne	stryknijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stryknijne	stryknijne+N+Sg+Nom
alpijne	alpijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
alpijne	alpijne+N+Sg+Nom
mandarijne	mandarijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mandarijne	mandarijne+N+Sg+Nom
stearijne	stearijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stearijne	stearijne+N+Sg+Nom
farijne	farijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
farijne	farijne+N+Sg+Nom
margarijne	margarijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
margarijne	margarijne+N+Sg+Nom
sakkarijne	sakkarijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sakkarijne	sakkarijne+N+Sg+Nom
marijne	marijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
marijne	marijne+N+Sg+Nom
rosmarijne	rosmarijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rosmarijne	rosmarijne+N+Sg+Nom
terrijne	terrijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terrijne	terrijne+N+Sg+Nom
urijne	urijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
urijne	urijne+N+Sg+Nom
tamburijne	tamburijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tamburijne	tamburijne+N+Sg+Nom
syrijne	syrijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
syrijne	syrijne+N+Sg+Nom
bekkasijne	bekkasijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bekkasijne	bekkasijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
gïerthbekkasijne	gïerthbekkasijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gïerthbekkasijne	gïerthbekkasijne+N+Sg+Nom !Finner bare et lemma
mokkasijne	mokkasijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
mokkasijne	mokkasijne+N+Sg+Nom ! Finner bare et lemma
dresijne	dresijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dresijne	dresijne+N+Sg+Nom
medisijne	medisijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
medisijne	medisijne+N+Sg+Nom
toksijne	toksijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
toksijne	toksijne+N+Sg+Nom
abpelsijne	appelsijne+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
abpelsijne	appelsijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
abpelsijne	abpelsijne+v1+N+Sg+Nom
appelsijne	aabpelsinja+N+Sg+Nom
appelsijne	appelsijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
appelsijne	appelsijne+N+Sg+Nom
bensijne	bensijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bensijne	bensijne+N+Sg+Nom
pepsijne	pepsijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pepsijne	pepsijne+N+Sg+Nom
dessijne	dessijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dessijne	dessijne+N+Sg+Nom
dusijne	dusijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
dusijne	dusijne+N+Sg+Nom
terramysijne	terramysijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terramysijne	terramysijne+N+Sg+Nom
streptomysijne	streptomysijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
streptomysijne	streptomysijne+N+Sg+Nom
latijne	latijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
latijne	latijne+N+Sg+Nom
gelatijne	gelatijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gelatijne	gelatijne+N+Sg+Nom
bulletijne	bulletijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bulletijne	bulletijne+N+Sg+Nom
pektijne	pektijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pektijne	pektijne+N+Sg+Nom
kantijne	kantijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kantijne	kantijne+N+Sg+Nom
klementijne	klementijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
klementijne	klementijne+N+Sg+Nom
serpentijne	serpentijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
serpentijne	serpentijne+N+Sg+Nom
terpentijne	terpentijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terpentijne	terpentijne+N+Sg+Nom
giljotijne	giljotijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
giljotijne	giljotijne+N+Sg+Nom
nikotijne	nikotijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nikotijne	nikotijne+N+Sg+Nom
nikotijne	nikotijne+v1+N+Sg+Nom
beduijne	beduijne+N+Sg+Nom
beduijne	beduijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
genuijne	genuijne+N+Sg+Nom
genuijne	genuijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vijne	vijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vijne	vijne+N+Sg+Nom
sangvijne	sangvijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sangvijne	sangvijne+N+Sg+Nom
pingvijne	pingvijne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pingvijne	pingvijne+N+Sg+Nom
lanterne	lanterne+N+Sg+Nom
lanterne	lanteerne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xylofovne	sylofovne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xylofovne	xylofovne+N+Sg+Nom
xenofovne	eksenofovne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
xenofovne	xenofovne+N+Sg+Nom
stadijovne	staadijone+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stadijovne	stadijovne+N+Sg+Nom
båatsoe-åårganisasjovne	båatsoeorganisasjovne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
båatsoe-åårganisasjovne	båatsoe-åårganisasjovne+N+Sg+Nom
reksjovne	reksjovne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
reksjovne	reksjovne+N+Sg+Nom
colovne	kolovne+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
colovne	colovne+N+Sg+Nom
viermietjåanghkoe	viermietjåanghkoe+N+Sg+Nom
viermietjåanghkoe	viermietjåahkoe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
learoejïlleskåvloe	learoejïlleskåvloe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
learoejïlleskåvloe	learoejïlleskåvloe+N+Sg+Nom
bïjleraajroe	bïjleraajroe+v1+N+Sg+Nom
bïjleraajroe	bïjleraajroe+v2+N+Sg+Nom
bïjleraajroe	bïjleraajroe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
bïjleraajroe	bïjleraajroe+N+Sg+Nom
nedtesæjroe	nehtesæjroe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nedtesæjroe	nedtesæjroe+N+Sg+Nom
lïeneståvroe	lïeneståvroe+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
lïeneståvroe	lïeneståvroe+N+Sg+Nom
pryövoe	pryövoe+N+Sg+Nom
pryövoe	pryöveme+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
musihkere	muvsikere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
musihkere	musihkere+N+Sg+Nom
politihkere	polijtikere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
politihkere	politihkere+N+Sg+Nom
neurovtikere	neurovtikere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
neurovtikere	neurovtikere+N+Sg+Nom
nevrovtikere	nevrovtikere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nevrovtikere	nevrovtikere+N+Sg+Nom
teellere	telleere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
teellere	teellere+N+Sg+Nom
puertoricaanere	puertoricaanere+N+Sg+Nom
puertoricaanere	puertorikaanere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ecuadoriaanere	ekuadorijaanere+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ecuadoriaanere	ecuadoriaanere+N+Sg+Nom
kåahpere	kuahpere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kåahpere	kåahpere+N+Sg+Nom
teatere	teaatere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
teatere	teatere+N+Sg+Nom
sadtere	sadtere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sadtere	sadtere+N+Sg+Nom
sådtere	sådtere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sådtere	sådtere+N+Sg+Nom
egyptere	egyptere+N+Sg+Nom
egyptere	egypteere+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fosfore	fosfore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
fosfore	fosfore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
terrore	terrore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terrore	terrore+N+Sg+Nom
staateterrore	staateterrore+N+Sg+Nom
staateterrore	staateterrore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
telefonterrore	telefonterrore+N+Sg+Nom
telefonterrore	telefonterrore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sensore	sensore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sensore	sensore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
sponsore	sponsore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sponsore	sponsore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
professore	professore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
professore	professore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
Harvard-professore	Harvard-professore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
Harvard-professore	Harvard-professore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
histovrijeprofessore	histovrijeprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
histovrijeprofessore	histovrijeprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
teologiprofessore	teologiprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
teologiprofessore	teologiprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
biologiprofessore	biologiprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
biologiprofessore	biologiprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
sosiologiprofessore	sosiologiprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sosiologiprofessore	sosiologiprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kjemiprofessore	kjemiprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kjemiprofessore	kjemiprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
ekonomiprofessore	ekonomiprofessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ekonomiprofessore	ekonomiprofessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
aggressore	aggressore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aggressore	aggressore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kompressore	kompressore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kompressore	kompressore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
elektrokompressore	elektrokompressore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
elektrokompressore	elektrokompressore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
traktorkompressore	traktorkompressore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
traktorkompressore	traktorkompressore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
prosessore	prosessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prosessore	prosessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kommandoprosessore	kommandoprosessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kommandoprosessore	kommandoprosessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
koprosessore	koprosessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
koprosessore	koprosessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
elektroprosessore	elektroprosessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
elektroprosessore	elektroprosessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
assessore	assessore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
assessore	assessore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
daatore	datovre+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
daatore	daatore+N+Sg+Nom
monitore	monitovre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
monitore	monitore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
monitore	monitore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
aktore	aktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aktore	aktore+N+Sg+Nom
reaktore	reaktore+N+Sg+Nom
reaktore	reaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
atomreaktore	atomreaktore+N+Sg+Nom
atomreaktore	atomreaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
faktore	faktore+N+Sg+Nom
faktore	faktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
Rh-faktore	Rh-faktore+N+Sg+Nom
Rh-faktore	Rh-faktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
klæjmafaktore	klæjmafaktore+N+Sg+Nom
klæjmafaktore	klæjmafaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
faamoefaktore	faamoefaktore+N+Sg+Nom
faamoefaktore	faamoefaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konkurransefaktore	konkurransefaktore+N+Sg+Nom
konkurransefaktore	konkurransefaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
identiteetefaktore	identiteetefaktore+N+Sg+Nom
identiteetefaktore	identiteetefaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
primfaktore	primfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
primfaktore	primfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
risikofaktore	risikofaktore+N+Sg+Nom
risikofaktore	risikofaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kulturfaktore	kulturfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
kulturfaktore	kulturfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
minimumsfaktore	minimumsfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
minimumsfaktore	minimumsfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
virulensfaktore	virulensfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
virulensfaktore	virulensfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stressfaktore	stressfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
stressfaktore	stressfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
stressfaktore	stressfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
plussfaktore	plussfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
plussfaktore	plussfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
plussfaktore	plussfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
proposjonalitetsfaktore	proposjonalitetsfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
proposjonalitetsfaktore	proposjonalitetsfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
minusfaktore	minusfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
minusfaktore	minusfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rhesusfaktore	rhesusfaktore+N+Sg+Nom
rhesusfaktore	rhesusfaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kompaktore	kompaktore+N+Sg+Nom
kompaktore	kompaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kiropraktore	kiropraktore+N+Sg+Nom
kiropraktore	kiropraktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kontraktore	kontraktore+N+Sg+Nom
kontraktore	kontraktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
börstraktore	börstraktore+N+Sg+Nom
börstraktore	börstraktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kontaktore	kontaktore+N+Sg+Nom
kontaktore	kontaktore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
projektore	projektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
projektore	projektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
lektore	lektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
lektore	lektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
histovrijelektore	histovrijelektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
histovrijelektore	histovrijelektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
deflektore	deflektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
deflektore	deflektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
gymnaslektore	gymnaslektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gymnaslektore	gymnaslektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
rektore	rektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rektore	rektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
rektore	rektovre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
viserektore	viserektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
viserektore	viserektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
prorektore	prorektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prorektore	prorektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
sektore	sektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sektore	sektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
åljasektore	åljasektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
åljasektore	åljasektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
verkstedsektore	verkstedsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
verkstedsektore	verkstedsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
skïemhtjegåetiesektore	skïemhtjegåetiesektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skïemhtjegåetiesektore	skïemhtjegåetiesektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
skïemhtjegåetiesektore	skiemhtjegåetiesektovre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kirkesektore	kirkesektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kirkesektore	kirkesektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
skuvlesektore	skuvlesektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skuvlesektore	skuvlesektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
offshoresektore	offshoresektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
offshoresektore	offshoresektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kultuvresektore	kultuvresektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kultuvresektore	kultuvresektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
sosialsektore	sosialsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sosialsektore	sosialsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kommunalsektore	kommunalsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kommunalsektore	kommunalsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
maskinsektore	maskinsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maskinsektore	maskinsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
prosektore	prosektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prosektore	prosektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
agrarsektore	agrarsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
agrarsektore	agrarsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kontorsektore	kontorsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kontorsektore	kontorsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kultursektore	kultursektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kultursektore	kultursektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
gassektore	gassektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gassektore	gassektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
finanssektore	finanssektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
finanssektore	finanssektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
transportsektore	transportsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
transportsektore	transportsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
instituttsektore	instituttsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
instituttsektore	instituttsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kollektivsektore	kollektivsektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kollektivsektore	kollektivsektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
detektore	detektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
detektore	detektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
vektore	vektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vektore	vektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
gradientvektore	gradientvektore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gradientvektore	gradientvektore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
pastore	pastore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
pastore	pastore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
nestore	nestore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nestore	nestore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
kvestore	kvestore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kvestore	kvestore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
polyhistore	polyhistovre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
polyhistore	polyhistore+N+Sg+Nom
transistore	transistore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
transistore	transistore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
rovtore	rovtore+N+v2+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rovtore	rovtore+N+v1+Sg+Nom
purpure	purpure+N+Sg+Nom
purpure	purpure+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tastature	tastatuvre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tastature	tastature+N+Sg+Nom
ruevtievaaroehbovre	ruevtievaaroehbovre+N+Sg+Nom
ruevtievaaroehbovre	ruevtievaaroehbovre+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth
amovre	aamore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
amovre	amovre+N+Sg+Nom
humovre	huvmore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
humovre	humovre+N+Sg+Nom
daatovre	datovre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
daatovre	daatovre+N+Sg+Nom
daatovre	daatore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
oscillatovre	oskillaatore+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
oscillatovre	oscillatovre+N+Sg+Nom
detonatovre	detonaatore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
detonatovre	detonatovre+N+Sg+Nom
generatovre	generaatore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
generatovre	generatovre+N+Sg+Nom
kuratovre	kuraatore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kuratovre	kuratovre+N+Sg+Nom
ekvatovre	ekvaatore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ekvatovre	ekvatovre+N+Sg+Nom
aktovre	aktovre+N+Sg+Nom
aktovre	aktore+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
traktovre	traktovre+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
traktovre	traktovre+N+Sg+Nom
primære	primære+N+Sg+Nom
charmööre	sjarmööre+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
charmööre	charmööre+N+Sg+Nom
mïelkese	mïelke+N+Sg+Ill
mïelkese	mïelke+N+Sg+Nom+PxSg3
mïelkese	mielhkie+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom+PxSg3
mïelkese	mïelkese+N+Sg+Nom
maajehvååjnese	maajevååjnese+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
maajehvååjnese	maajehvååjnese+N+Sg+Nom
preessebïevnese	pressebïevnese+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
preessebïevnese	preessebïevnese+N+Sg+Nom
faagejiehtese	faagejiehtege+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
faagejiehtese	faagejiehtese+N+Sg+Nom
daltese	daltese+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
daltese	daltese+N+Sg+Nom
hypotese	hypotese+N+Sg+Nom
hypotese	hypoteese+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
hypotese	hypotese+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
gaaptese	gapta+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Ill
gaaptese	gapta+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom+PxSg3
gaaptese	gaaptese+N+Sg+Nom
faakse	faakse+N+Sg+Nom
faakse	faakse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
professorkompetanse	professorkompetanse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
professorkompetanse	professorkompetanse+N+Sg+Nom
presense	preesense+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
presense	presense+N+Sg+Nom
neurose	neurovse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
neurose	neurose+N+Sg+Nom
nevrose	nevrovse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nevrose	nevrose+N+Sg+Nom
asbestose	asbestose+N+Sg+Nom
asbestose	asbestovse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
leukocytose	leukocytose+N+Sg+Nom
leukocytose	leukosytovse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
leukocytose	leukosytovse+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
plasse	plaasse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
plasse	plasse+N+Sg+Nom
expresse	ekspresse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
expresse	expresse+N+Sg+Nom
tjåarvohtse	tjåarvohtse+N+Sg+Nom
tjåarvohtse	tjåarvehtasse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sirhkuse	sirhkuse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sirhkuse	sirhkuse+N+Sg+Nom
kasuse	kaasuse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kasuse	kasuse+N+Sg+Nom
statuse	staatuse+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
statuse	statuse+N+Sg+Nom
proletariaate	proletariaate+N+Sg+Nom
proletariaate	proletarijaate+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sekretariaate	sekretarijaate+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
sekretariaate	sekretariaate+N+Sg+Nom
kruanesaate	kroenesaate+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kruanesaate	kruanesaate+N+Sg+Nom
saabate	saabate+N+Sg+Nom
saabate	saabate+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kvaadrate	kvadraate+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kvaadrate	kvaadrate+N+Sg+Nom
ööhpehtimmiedirektorate	ööhpehtimmiedirektoraate+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ööhpehtimmiedirektorate	ööhpehtimmiedirektorate+N+Sg+Nom
ööhpehtimmienedte	ööhpehtimmienehte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ööhpehtimmienedte	ööhpehtimmienedte+N+Sg+Nom
skuvlenedte	skuvlenehte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
skuvlenedte	skuvlenedte+N+Sg+Nom
internedte	internehte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
internedte	internedte+N+Sg+Nom
nedtevihte	nehtevihte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nedtevihte	nedtevihte+N+Sg+Nom
kovmite	kovmite+N+Sg+Nom
kovmite	kovmite+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth
prosjekte	prosjekte+N+Sg+Nom
prosjekte	prosjekte+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth
tjoejenasshbaante	tjoejenassebaante+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tjoejenasshbaante	tjoejenasshbaante+N+Sg+Nom
variante	variante+N+Sg+Nom
variante	varijaante+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
diamante	diamante+N+Sg+Nom
diamante	diamaante+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aspirante	aspiraante+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aspirante	aspirante+N+Sg+Nom
restaurante	restauraante+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
restaurante	restaurante+N+Sg+Nom
croissante	kroissaante+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
croissante	croissante+N+Sg+Nom
ascendente	asendente+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ascendente	ascendente+N+Sg+Nom
descendente	descendente+N+Sg+Nom
descendente	desendente+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
studente	studente+N+Sg+Nom
studente	studente+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
recensente	resensente+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
recensente	recensente+N+Sg+Nom
resensente	resensente+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
resensente	resensente+N+Sg+Nom
konserte	konseerte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konserte	konserte+N+Sg+Nom
faagetekste	faagetekste+N+Sg+Nom
faagetekste	faagetekste+N+Err/Orth+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
idiovte	idijovte+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
idiovte	idiovte+N+Sg+Nom
arkijve	arkijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
arkijve	arkijve+N+Sg+Nom
innesijve	innesijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
innesijve	innesijve+N+Sg+Nom
intensijve	intensijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
intensijve	intensijve+N+Sg+Nom
passijve	passijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
passijve	passijve+N+Sg+Nom
essijve	essijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
essijve	essijve+N+Sg+Nom
abessijve	abessijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
abessijve	abessijve+N+Sg+Nom
adessijve	adessijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
adessijve	adessijve+N+Sg+Nom
inessijve	inessijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
inessijve	inessijve+N+Sg+Nom
possessijve	possessijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
possessijve	possessijve+N+Sg+Nom
datijve	datijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
datijve	datijve+N+Sg+Nom
konnegatijve	konnegatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konnegatijve	konnegatijve+N+Sg+Nom
interrogatijve	interrogatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
interrogatijve	interrogatijve+N+Sg+Nom
initiatijve	initiatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
initiatijve	initiatijve+N+Sg+Nom
predikatijve	predikatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
predikatijve	predikatijve+N+Sg+Nom
indikatijve	indikatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
indikatijve	indikatijve+N+Sg+Nom
multiplikatijve	multiplikatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
multiplikatijve	multiplikatijve+N+Sg+Nom
frikatijve	frikatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
frikatijve	frikatijve+N+Sg+Nom
lokatijve	lokatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
lokatijve	lokatijve+N+Sg+Nom
vokatijve	vokatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
vokatijve	vokatijve+N+Sg+Nom
provokatijve	provokatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
provokatijve	provokatijve+N+Sg+Nom
latijve	latijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
latijve	latijve+N+Sg+Nom
ablatijve	ablatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
ablatijve	ablatijve+N+Sg+Nom
elatijve	elatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
elatijve	elatijve+N+Sg+Nom
relatijve	relatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
relatijve	relatijve+N+Sg+Nom
allatijve	allatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
allatijve	allatijve+N+Sg+Nom
appellatijve	appellatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
appellatijve	appellatijve+N+Sg+Nom
illatijve	illatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
illatijve	illatijve+N+Sg+Nom
prolatijve	prolatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prolatijve	prolatijve+N+Sg+Nom
superlatijve	superlatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
superlatijve	superlatijve+N+Sg+Nom
translatijve	translatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
translatijve	translatijve+N+Sg+Nom
regulatijve	regulatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
regulatijve	regulatijve+N+Sg+Nom
eksklamatijve	eksklamatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
eksklamatijve	eksklamatijve+N+Sg+Nom
nominatijve	nominatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
nominatijve	nominatijve+N+Sg+Nom
terminatijve	terminatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
terminatijve	terminatijve+N+Sg+Nom
konatijve	konatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konatijve	konatijve+N+Sg+Nom
alternatijve	alternatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
alternatijve	alternatijve+N+Sg+Nom
evtiedimmienalternatijve	evtiedimmienalternatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
evtiedimmienalternatijve	evtiedimmienalternatijve+N+Sg+Nom
inkoatijve	inkoatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
inkoatijve	inkoatijve+N+Sg+Nom
komparatijve	komparatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
komparatijve	komparatijve+N+Sg+Nom
desideratijve	desideratijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
desideratijve	desideratijve+N+Sg+Nom
generatijve	generatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
generatijve	generatijve+N+Sg+Nom
imperatijve	imperatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
imperatijve	imperatijve+N+Sg+Nom
operatijve	operatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
operatijve	operatijve+N+Sg+Nom
duratijve	duratijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
duratijve	duratijve+N+Sg+Nom
kuratijve	kuratijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kuratijve	kuratijve+N+Sg+Nom
kausatijve	kausatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kausatijve	kausatijve+N+Sg+Nom
akkusatijve	akkusatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
akkusatijve	akkusatijve+N+Sg+Nom
limitatijve	limitatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
limitatijve	limitatijve+N+Sg+Nom
komitatijve	komitatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
komitatijve	komitatijve+N+Sg+Nom
frekventatijve	frekventatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
frekventatijve	frekventatijve+N+Sg+Nom
kontinuatijve	kontinuatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kontinuatijve	kontinuatijve+N+Sg+Nom
situatijve	situatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
situatijve	situatijve+N+Sg+Nom
privatijve	privatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
privatijve	privatijve+N+Sg+Nom
innovatijve	innovatijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
innovatijve	innovatijve+N+Sg+Nom
suppletijve	suppletijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
suppletijve	suppletijve+N+Sg+Nom
habitijve	habitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
habitijve	habitijve+N+Sg+Nom
prohibitijve	prohibitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
prohibitijve	prohibitijve+N+Sg+Nom
additijve	additijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
additijve	additijve+N+Sg+Nom
totalitijve	totalitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
totalitijve	totalitijve+N+Sg+Nom
genitijve	genitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
genitijve	genitijve+N+Sg+Nom
definitijve	definitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
definitijve	definitijve+N+Sg+Nom
infinitijve	infinitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
infinitijve	infinitijve+N+Sg+Nom
karitijve	karitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
karitijve	karitijve+N+Sg+Nom
intransitijve	intransitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
intransitijve	intransitijve+N+Sg+Nom
partitijve	partitijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
partitijve	partitijve+N+Sg+Nom
aktijve	aktijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aktijve	aktijve+N+Sg+Nom
adjektijve	adjektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
adjektijve	adjektijve+N+Sg+Nom
kollektijve	kollektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
kollektijve	kollektijve+N+Sg+Nom
konnektijve	konnektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
konnektijve	konnektijve+N+Sg+Nom
perspektijve	perspektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
perspektijve	perspektijve+N+Sg+Nom
tïjjeperspektijve	tïjjeperspektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
tïjjeperspektijve	tïjjeperspektijve+N+Sg+Nom
rektijve	rektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
rektijve	rektijve+N+Sg+Nom
direktijve	direktijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
direktijve	direktijve+N+Sg+Nom
EU-direktijve	EU-direktijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
EU-direktijve	EU-direktijve+N+Sg+Nom
detektijve	detektijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
detektijve	detektijve+N+Sg+Nom
adjunktijve	adjunktijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
adjunktijve	adjunktijve+N+Sg+Nom
produktijve	produktijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
produktijve	produktijve+N+Sg+Nom
substantijve	substantijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
substantijve	substantijve+N+Sg+Nom
attentijve	attentijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
attentijve	attentijve+N+Sg+Nom
motijve	motijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
motijve	motijve+N+Sg+Nom
emotijve	emotijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
emotijve	emotijve+N+Sg+Nom
lokomotijve	lokomotijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
lokomotijve	lokomotijve+N+Sg+Nom
deskriptijve	deskriptijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
deskriptijve	deskriptijve+N+Sg+Nom
distributijve	distributijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
distributijve	distributijve+N+Sg+Nom
attributijve	attributijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
attributijve	attributijve+N+Sg+Nom
oblikutijve	oblikutijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
oblikutijve	oblikutijve+N+Sg+Nom
diminutijve	diminutijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
diminutijve	diminutijve+N+Sg+Nom
statutijve	statutijve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
statutijve	statutijve+N+Sg+Nom
aalkove	aalkove+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aalkove	aalkove+N+Sg+Nom
aalkove	aalkoe+v2+N+Sg+Nom
skaarve	skaarve+N+Sg+Nom
skaarve	skaarve+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
studijovve	studijovve+N+Sg+Nom
studijovve	studijove+N+Err/Orth+Sg+Nom
aahtjetjeguaktah	aahtjetjeguaktah+N+Pl+Nom
aahtjetjeguaktah	aahtjetjeguaktah+N+Err/Orth+Pl+Nom
tjogneh	tjogne+N+Pl+Nom+Err/Orth
tjogneh	tjogneh+N+Pl+Nom
bööneh	bööne+N+Pl+Nom+Err/Orth
bööneh	bööneh+N+Pl+Nom
biejjieprælloeh	biejjhprælloe+N+Err/Orth+Pl+Nom
biejjieprælloeh	biejjhprælloeh+N+Err/Orth+Pl+Nom
biejjieprælloeh	biejjieprælloeh+N+Pl+Nom
goglenasseh	goglenasse+N+Pl+Nom+Err/Orth
goglenasseh	goglenasseh+N+Pl+Nom
voeksenasseh	voeksenasse+N+Pl+Nom+Err/Orth
voeksenasseh	voeksenasseh+N+Pl+Nom
voeksenasseh	voeksenassh+N+Pl+Nom
voepteh	voepte+N+Pl+Nom+Err/Orth
voepteh	voepteh+N+Pl+Nom
kruanesaath	kroenesaate+N+Err/Orth+Pl+Nom
kruanesaath	kruanesaate+N+Pl+Nom
kruanesaath	kruanesaath+N+Pl+Nom
låhkehts	låhkehtse+N+Sg+Nom+Err/Orth
låhkehts	låhkehts+N+Sg+Nom
