Documenting the South Saami lexicon file
========================================

The nouns
---------

The noun stems are stored in `gt/sma/noun-sma-lex.txt`, whereas the
morphology is found in `gt/sma/sma-lex.txt`. It was made by converting
the original Moshagen / Trosterud sma lexicon to the Xerox format. The
lexical rules are taken from Karttunen's alternative formulation of our
file. His original is found in the archive of original files (Contact
Trond for reference, if needed).

The nouns are divided into three stem classes, the N\_IE nouns (gåetie,
etc.), the N\_OE nouns (bearkoe, etc) and the N\_OTHER nouns (all other
ones, bi- and trisyllabic alike).

The case forms fall in three different groups: Forms unique to each of
the three stem classes (listed under each sublexicon), forms with -j- in
the N\_OE class and -i- in the other ones (with separate i- and j-
sublexica and a common suffix lexicon), and forms common to all stem
classes (covered in a common continuation lexicon).

Here is a list of the lexica (to be documented)

     N_ODD
     N_ODD_NODISIMP
     ÅABPETJH        !default N_ODD plural lexicon
     N_ODD_C         !these words have consonant-ending in nominative
     AAJEGE          !Sg+Nom=Aajege/Aajeh  Sg+Cmp=Aajeh-
     AAREGE          !Sg+Nom=Aarege/Aareh  Sg+Cmp=Aarege-/Aareh-
     BAARTEGE        !Sg+Nom=baartege/baarth  Sg+Cmp=baartege-/baarth-
     GAAJSEGE        !Sg+Nom=gaajsege/gaajsh  Sg+Cmp=gaajsh-
     LAADTEGE        !Sg+Nom=laadtege  Sg+Cmp=laadth-
     SAADTEGE        !Sg+Nom=saadtege  Sg+Cmp=saadtege-/saadth-
     LEEJJEGE        !Sg+Nom=leejjege  Sg+Cmp=leejjeh-
     DEAKEHKE        !Sg+Nom=deakehke/deakah  Sg+Cmp=deakehke-/deakah-
     ÅERUVE
     BÅERUVE
     VUANOVE
     BÅERUJE
     IJE_ODD
     DAKTERE
     N_IE
     VUELIE
     TJIDTJIE
     TJÅENIEH       !ie plural lexicon
     N_OE_UML
     N_OE
     LAAHKOE
     GAAROEH        !-oe plural
     MAANA
     AAHKA
     NIEJTE
     MAAKE
     JOVKEMES 
            
            

The adjectives
--------------

The continuation lexica are built on the following convention:

`attrsuffix_PREDSUFFIX_STEMTYPECOMPTYPE`

A letter C in the beginning of the suffix marks consonant. There may be
more than one suffix both for attr and PRED, thereby the difference
small/capital letters. Example:

`faelskies+CmpN/SgN+CmpN/SgG+CmpN/PlG:faelsk ies_IES_IE_EVEN`

This is an even-syllabic adjective, with -ies attributive and -ies or
-ie in predicative. Since nothing is said about comparative forms, it
has normal comparative and superlative inflection.

The verbs
---------

The auxiliary *lea* and the negative verbs have been added. These verbs
are irregular, and have thus been added without the use of any
morphophonological processes.

To be written: Documentation for verb lexica.

The adpositions and prepositions
--------------------------------

The adpositions in Bergsland's grammar have been listed, in two groups,
pure postpositions and combined pre/postpositions (named "adpositions").
Other adpositions ahve been added.
